[workers] clarify .dev.vars and update for remote dev (#6422)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/environment-variables.md

//=> (env.production) "pk_xyz1234"
```

> ### Adding secrets to your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add secrets to your project
```

> #### Secrets in Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Secrets in development
```

> When developing your Worker/Pages Functions, you can create a `.dev.vars` file in the project root which allows you to define variables that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, as opposed to using another environment and `[vars]` in `wrangler.toml`. This works both in the local and remote development modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define variables that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, as opposed to using another environment and `[vars]` in `wrangler.toml`. This works both in the local and remote development modes.
```

> This file should be formatted like a `dotenv` file, such as `KEY=VALUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.dev.vars` file should be formatted like a `dotenv` file, such as `KEY=VALUE`.
```

```bash
---
header: .dev.vars
---
SECRET_KEY=value
```

> #### Secrets on Deployed Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Secrets on deployed Workers
```
